toInt(String): NegNumPool
toInt(String, int): NegNumPool
toLong(String): NegNumPool
toLong(String, long): NegNumPool
toFloat(String): NegNumPool
toFloat(String, float): NegNumPool
toDouble(String): NegNumPool
toDouble(String, double): NegNumPool
toShort(String): NegNumPool
toShort(String, short): NegNumPool
toByte(String): NegNumPool
toByte(String, byte): NegNumPool
createFloat(String): NegNumPool
createDouble(String): NegNumPool
createInteger(String): HexPool
createLong(String): HexPool
createBigInteger(String): HexPool
createBigDecimal(String): NegNumPool
createNumber(String): HexPool + NegNumPool
isDigits(String): NegNumPool
isNumber(String): HexPool + NegNumPool